chore(qa): add varible tests (#70)
camunda/c7-data-migrator: README.md

  - Processes with active multi-instance elements can currently not be migrated. We recommend to finish the execution of any multi-instance elements prior to migration.
- Timer events:
  - Processes with active tokens in [timer events](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/reference/bpmn20/events/timer-events/) are not yet supported for migration. We have [this ticket](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5173) to address this limitation in the future. 
- Variables
    - A Date variable (2025-06-20T11:32:06.868) is migrated to C8 in `ms` format (1750419126868). [ticket](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5244)

>     - Variables are serialized. (to be changed)

Author: The PR is here: https://github.com/camunda/c7-data-migrator/pull/79

    - XML variable will be migrated to XML string variable. [ticket](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5246)
      - Including Spin XML variables.

>     - Variables set into the scope of embedded sub-processes will not be migrated. [ticket](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5235)

Reviewer: 🙃 I would consider changing this to make it clear to users that this is not a final limitation:
```suggestion
    - Variables set into the scope of embedded sub-processes are not supported yet and will be ignored. Will be implemented in this [ticket](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5235)
```
